README.md, before:

# Employee_Tracker_SQL
This application will help users quickly and efficently track, view, and manage the departments, roles, and employees in a company
so that the user can organize and plan their business.
 
## Motivation
The motivation to create this note taker is so that the user will be able to write and save notes so that they can organize their thoughts and keep track of tasks that need to be completed. 

## What does it solve and provide?
This application will help display a note taker that will start and complete task and notes that will help users organize their work and personal efforts. 

## Features
This task list maker will allow users to create new tasks or notes that will be saved and listed until completed/deleted. 

## License
MIT

## Installation 
Clone the respository to the Github listed below. 

Command Line Installation:
Nodemon: npm install nodemon

## Run  
Command Line: npm run test
    
## Questions
    
If you would like to reference my GitHub profile please click on https://github.com/BrandonDell

GitHub Employee_Tracker_SQL Project: 

GitHub Live Site Link: https://brandondell.github.io/Express_NoteTaker/

Deployed Render Website: https://express-notetaker-1.onrender.com

If you have any further questions please feel free to email me at bdellcioppia@gmail.com

## Image
![DellCioppia](./images/Render%20Success.png)
![DellCioppia](./images/Rendered%20Site.png)
## Credits
-UCF Coding Bootcamp
-Tutor Chris assisted debuging and help with deploying Thursday 5/2/24

Commit message:

Completed README and included link and picture.

README.md, after:

# Employee_Tracker_SQL
This application will help users quickly and efficently track, view, and manage the departments, roles, and employees in a company
so that the user can organize and plan their business.
 
## Motivation
The motivation to create this applition was to streamline tracking of employees information to help organzie the business's most important asset, their employees. 

## What does it solve and provide?
This application will display the first and last name of each employee along with the department and role they are in. It will also keep track of salary and which manager is in charge of that employee. 

## Features
This list of questions will help employers keep track and manager employee's information 

## License
MIT

## Installation 
Clone the respository to the Github listed below. 

Command Line Installation: node server.js


## Run  
Command Line: npm run test
    
## Questions
    
If you would like to reference my GitHub profile please click on https://github.com/BrandonDell

GitHub Employee_Tracker_SQL Project: 

GitHub Repository Link: https://github.com/BrandonDell/Employee_Tracker_SQL

Google Drive Linke:https://drive.google.com/file/d/1w4xh6geB11fe4xxZ6DMuoYUKQ6kcRIev/view

If you have any further questions please feel free to email me at bdellcioppia@gmail.com

## Image
![DellCioppia](./images/Render%20Success.png)
![DellCioppia](./images/Rendered%20Site.png)
## Credits
-UCF Coding Bootcamp
-Tutor Chris assisted debuging and help with deploying Tuesday 5/7/24
